Data and file overview of research project "Cost of living together: direct and indirect factors underlying queen reproductive output in polygynous ant colonies"
Authors: [Anonymous], [Anonymous], [Anonymous], [Anonymous], [Anonymous], [Anonymous] (Details omitted for double anonymised reviewing)
Date of data collection: 2014/12 - 2015/01 
Language: english

land_1m.asc: raster file of the Mogi-Guaçi Biological reserve, where data was collected.

Datasets:
Data is in '.csv' format separated by ','. Each dataset contains a multitude of information regarding samples. Below are the file names and their respective species, as well as column ids, and what each one represents. Heterozygosity measures were calculated using the GENHET function:
data_rufi.csv: Camponotus rufipes
data_reng.csv: Camponotus renggeri

Column name:
nest: Sampled nest ID
sampleid: Sampled ant (worker) ID
latitude: Nest location latitude
longitude: Nest location longitude
nw: Number of workers sampled per nest
nq: Number of queens per nest (estimated using COLONY 2.0)
efq: Efective number of queens per nest (estimated using COLONY 2.0)
nm: Number of male mates per queen (estimated using COLONY 2.0)
efm: Efective number of male mates per queen (estimated using COLONY 2.0)
nf: Number of offspring (workers) belonging to each queen
nfp: Propotion of offspring (workers) belonging to each queen
All columns atrting with 'Cru' or 'Cgg': Alelle pair of different loci

Data (and columns) calculated and generated by the code:
PHt: Proportion of heterozygous loci in an individual
Hs_obs: Standardized heterozygosity based on the mean observed heterozygosity
Hs_exp: Standardized heterozygosity based on the mean expected heterozygosity
IR: Internal relatedness 
HL: Homozygosity by locus
agr: Total area of agriculture in the reserve
cer: Total area of Cerrado in the reserve
cers: Total area of Cerrado in the reserve
cult: Total area of Pinus sp. and Eculapitus sp. plantations in the reserve
wtr: Total area of Water bodies in the reserve
urb: Total area of urban areas in the reserve
road: Total area of roads in the reserve
cert: Total area of Cerrado (summed Cerrado and Cerradão) in the reserve

script_ro_proc.b: script in R language for heterozygosity measures calculation, land use surrounding nests and statistical analyses (bivariate and piecewise).


References:
Coulon, A., 2010. genhet: an easy-to-use R function to estimate individual heterozygosity. Mol. Ecol. Resour. 10, 167–169. https://doi.org/10.1111/j.1755-0998.2009.02731.x